- for spider layout

		It is my opinion, that for device network layouts consisting of many satellite 
	devices and a central communication node; one should fit the satellite devices
	with a simon encryption module of type 3 encryption only. Then use simon encryption 
	module type 2 for the central node, running decryption only.
		The encryption only version of type 3 has by far the smallest footprint of any 
	of the designs, and in turn the lowest power consumption. Though one must accept a 
	delay in the encryption time; I believe in this layout of many devices communicating
	with a central node allows for the satellite devices' encryption time to be slightly
	slower.
		Type 2 has a much larger footprint, but would allow the system to decrypt batches 
	of messages faster (allowing for the initial key expansion processing time)
	
		In action; the satellite devices would encrypt any message they wanted to send 
	to the central node, where it would be decrypted. For returned messages; the central
	node would decrypt any message it wanted to send to a satellite, where the satellite 
	can then encrypt it, and in effect decrypt the message.
		In this way, two way communication can be achieved for the lowest hardware costs
	on the satellite, and with a fixed key; the highest throughput for the central node.
	Also using a fixed key for all devices, would allow the central node to both 'encrypt'
	messages to send to satellite devices while decrypting received messages. 
		A disadvantage of this design is that no two satellites could communicate with 
	each other. 
	
- for mesh layout
	
		For a mesh layout, where all nodes are of a similar size and must communicate 
	with each other; I would recommend type 2, and then type 3 for very size constrained
	devices. Both types have the key expansion delay, though for long messages between
	nodes, this becomes negligible with type 2. Type 3's lead advantage is it's hardware 
	size, so it is recommended to use type 2 here if possible.
